already in the first place did not fade
the intestinal postulate in the cloud text
that he did with workshops of voice of the fadista
the city was decided that we have in maranhão
won by irving for which teams participate that if the gre-nal
And then thank god it worked out and melvin up to the spans
a city that does not know this one had passed
the distance ne
but it's not only God
I like this
the family with him is interesting feels like he sees in favor of the south
gilberto caçapava making the life of the victim
the pilot now with
participating in an orgy is a success in the cemur of nothing even female biguaçu
divided into their categories in the female volleyball handball basketball
futsal
then our share in the inheritance clearly the subject 400 thousand t
in feminine and boys now you came to the palms to accompany with all personnel
but the consolation 'colorado' in the victory of the inter over the bigger group
rival of the international
in the great river of the south on all its colored charges
I like the city I think I was lucky are hot-feet tumultuous
when I got here
already rained on emeb sunday we had the happiness
We called a purchase that made several channels, it's no use that I hurt
of what I lost
Wednesday the São Paulo
It's a six point game.
exactly they are pattern
the independent made contacts with the press can not do the three not
is
but we believe the icasa in the target in those cup heights
is a strong team also a team that also seeks a title
then the fight very strong the corinthians quatrina then
the sunflower
the athletic is not like the athletic miner rio-são-paulino
International
What you there?
of people
in that early 1970s that you were a two-time champion 77
interest what kind of comparison can be made that has changed
exists to change one of the very large
the international at the time he had
of vichy that commitment so that it was forced by the club the people
I liked the club
the people
the highest mark on the inter shirt qualify for determination
today the thing is closer
the older as informed great
because the player has turned
in the palm trees from
the greatest influence of crop yield decline
so do not talk do not enter with the palm trees b receives risk
so today I have changed a lot in the financial part
works of art being started today in the current international team since then is a
player and in this match with São Paulo specifically who can
make the difference
contracted to the cervix
I always come in anonymity
- O
there was certainly not pictured at home
another determination that will
because not all
every move of maicon
determined the final offer
I can not seem to play
more or who is replaced must also have certain goal determination
final the set graciete race determination
have to have a footprint but he does not gre-nal the tie did not come
Mauritius exactly a lot to be desired at the moment I saw
on the marking
and how many are
It can not be different from what you did not pay
This opportunity and I do not like it
to são paulo because são paulo is a well-balanced team
an excellent player already with the concessionaire the southwest
play in that championship
with the most attractive cost
to be champion so do not be afraid to face another stage in the circuit
it will work if it is placed exactly in a well
very strong bender
if it is attacked
I was recently the party of 40 defending myself
I'm sure right now